I think that there will be two major things that anybody who knows you
would kind of think about you after you join the military. Number one
is they'll give you a lot of respect. They know what the military
does you know, everybody knows like how the military you know fights
these wars and if they're Americans then they probably have, they
give a lot of credit for risking your life for them. Number two they
will probably be scared. They'd be scared for your life, especially
if you're going to go fight a war, and they'd be scared for your safety,
because the military has a lot of dangerous places outside of
war. So respect for you and fear for you. If you can kind of manage
those two, then you can kind of convince them hey you know like the
military could be the right choice, and as much as you want my safety,
you have to realize like the job I'm trying to do is for everybody's
benefit.